max_iter parameter (#80)
penguinolog/logwrap: README.rst

        log=None,  # if not set: try to find LOGGER, LOG, logger or log object in target module and use it if it logger instance. Fallback: logger named logwrap
        log_level=logging.DEBUG,
        exc_level=logging.ERROR,
        max_indent=20,  # forwarded to the pretty_repr,

>         max_iter=20,  # forwarded to the pretty_repr, max number of items in list/tuple/set before ellipsis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        max_iter=0,  # forwarded to the pretty_repr, max number of items in the Iterable before ellipsis. Unlimited if 0.
```
